EVOLVE (So Evolve is our new SAS product, one product we have launched in our university and this two will be in our university. The focus and the main goal of this product is to help students learn through AI, through personalized AI learning and through project based learning and practical learning. Where we will have all of the some 6 plus like Some six or seven subjects which are in first year university Curriculum. So in the first year we have about 6 Subjects which we will have in our website which will integrate. That's all that is the best. Like this is the end cool of this SAS product website Here, as I said, we aim to teach students the curriculum of the university uploaded into this website and visually make them learn Greatly and make them learn very very well through project based learning and through practical learning ) : 

features (These are our some of our features which we wanted to integrate in our new like this product SAS product and these features has been well very well thought out. I want you to give thought to each feature that has been put in and after giving it a thought I wanted to do a very deep research on each of the feature. Is it viable, is it, will it work integrating with AI and all of those. So for each feature I wanted to put in all efforts and do it And how will this function) : 

1.automation of prompt and context of the materials : (What we mean by automation of prompt and context of the material is, let's suppose there Is the chat box where. Let's say I write some prompt OK and as soon as I write the prompt, let's say I write Teach me photosynthesis OK. So as soon as I write it in in the like chat box itself in the chat box in the real type it will analyze my context and it will analyze my prompt and then it will give two to 3 suggestions That suggestions could be like we haven't we have decided some, but we are not sure what to keep. But here are some of the things so that you can decide and give us Point of views and I have to keep this or that and what not. So when I type a prompt in the chat box what happens is in real time the AI, whatever the AI is in the back end analyzes the that the problem and then it gives 2 to 3 suggestions above like above the chat box These suggestions are not the responses. So these suggestions are like something like spoon feed where Like the AI asks question to the user or just give direct answer and explain the thing or something like this. So these are 2 3 suggestions if I click when if I click so I'll select that and let's suppose I select spoon feed me so and I select that and then I press enter and then the AI will respond in a way which is soon feeding the user to teach photosynthesis to the user. So this is the in in chat box context analysis of the prompt. This is the first thing and same goes with the whatever the documents or the images uploaded Right after it is uploaded it is. It gives suggestions about it understands the documents, it understands the images and then it gives suggestions. OK this, this, that or whatever. Should I explain this way? Or what do you want about what do you want to know about this or that whatever it is so it pre understands Everything right after everything in real time, mostly right after some prompt or some document has been put out. So that is context analysis of chat box and the documents uploaded)

2.notebook lm approach (What we mean by notebook LM approach is notebook LM has cracked it very very well. So it has a discover feature where it searches the web and finds out all the articles on the web, pages on the websites and takes data from them and it it treats them as like Resource that is uploaded in the chat interface itself. So it searches from the web and it uses as its own resource That is one thing, that's one feature that we would like to have. It's a discover search feature and other thing is mind maps. So notebook LM again has pulled up this very very greatly where one topic has multiple branches. When I click on each branch, another branch appears till there is an end And till there is a end to this topic and I can cover everything and each branch and each node has their explanations and their theories and their everything related images and everything. So we want to pull that off where it is mind mind map like things 1 thing leads to other, 1 node leads to other, one branch leads to other. And then if I click on a certain node or a certain topic or whatever it is I get a detailed breakdown of it with text and visual send References and all of those things So this is the feature)

3.perplexity approach (What I mean by what we mean by perplexity approach is perplexity has pulled this off very well where it researches the entire web, the entire Internet and searches out for the best resources. And the best articles are the best websites, books, PDF. So whatever it is, it searches all of them. Sites all of them in your response. So that is one thing. We want citations and references in all the responses so that the user can directly Go to that website or that PDF or that book or whatever it is and can read directly from there and this like citations and references approach for each response will be a great help for all the students)

4. connect youtube (What we mean by connecting Youtube is we connect Youtube API to our SAS product website and what we like do is in the search box if if I let's say again the example of photosynthesis teach me photosynthesis then what it does is it also goes to it connects to Youtube API and gives the relevant videos to the users so that the user can learn about photosynthesis. So it goes into the Youtube, it searches them Video according to the topic that the user have asked I'll provide the embedded links are the videos in the inside the interface inside our website as possible. So this is what I mean when we like when we want to learn something or when we ask anything it finds the relevant videos that are in Youtube that are very helpful to learn or do anything. So it provides basically searches and gives provides provides videos)


5.diagram - more visuals (So what we mean by diagram and more visuals is we wanted to like teach highly highly through visual learning, as much visual learning as possible. So there is one website which is called Lapkins where you upload whatever like notes you have and it converts everything into beautiful mind maps which connect to each other mind graphs and links and notes and all of these things. So what we wanted to what we wanted to do is integrate these kind of things In our like website. So let's again take the example of photosynthesis. If I ask teach me photosynthesis then it will give me a diagram, rough diagram of like how photosynthesis work. There is a sun, there is soil, there is a plant and how the arrows and everything will come. So it will it will be very basic diagram which which it will generate through SVG, SVG code and it will show in in the website itself with SVG viewer just like most of the LLMS with do with artifacts Like qwen and like Claude So these uh LLM models do it very well where they generate SSVG code and they like view it in a very great way, possible the diagrams and everything. Also the visuals could be used everywhere in every response if the user wants to. Also it could be used in data structures and algorithms. We have that. We have that subject also and object oriented programming where we know how things connect, how things work, how loops work and etcetera. So it would be A great Create a way of learning visual learning where we can see how each like thing is working visually and we can understand it way better. )

6.hyperlink for topics from web (Hyperlinks for topic from webs essentially means the same dial which I mentioned previously. It's just going to the web and giving the right references and right links to write citations to the right websites or whatever the resources which it has searched through)

7. different page for programming (So what I'm what we mean by different page for programming is we have two subjects in our 1st year which is 1 is DC Data Structures and algorithms and the 2nd one is OOPS Object Oriented programming. So for these both we wanted to have highly Tuned highly attractive and highly personalized pages for this where we can actually on the go Whatever language we want, encode in whatever language we want, and actually see our outputs, and also learn data success and algorithms through diagrams. So we wanted it to be very, very personalized. So there will be dedicated pages for both of these subjects where we can code, we can compile, we can see our errors, we can on the go solve our errors, we can learn from our errors through. Everything is integrated with AI, and we can do all of that through Integrate with AI and learn in a in a much much better way with the diagrams and with the code and will also make the AI code something if we want. So there is there is a lot to it and it would be highly personalized and highly helpful for any learner, any beginner who is new to programming or coding)

8.use images (What do we mean essentially by using images is whenever we search let's say again take the example of photosynthesis. If I ask teach me what is photos, then it should find the relevant images from the web, from google, from the Internet and show it to us. We are not sure if we are you, if we will use any AI or API to generate images. We are not sure about that, but we are highly sure that we will use some The resources look like the web and just find out the best images from there and show it to the user so they can see it very very well)

9.langchain
 & langgraph (So one of my team member has suggested that we would we would use langchain and langgraph Honestly, I don't know what it is. So I want you to do a very deep research, thorough deep research and analysis and explain me how to use it and how it will be used for AI, for generating things for anything that supports in this website. How it, how will it be used and what is its functionality, how to use it, where to use it, how to learn it and how to integrate it. etc..)

10. voice input/output (So what we essentially mean by voice input and output is our every page, everything like in every chat window already. Every chat box we will have like our voice input where we can input our prompt to just talking and also there will be a dedicated voice multimodal it should we are trying like we will try to have it multimodal, we'll see how much we can achieve it but The things that will be there, the basic things is voice input by the user, which converts it to text and the output if for for every like response that the AI gives it like it will speak it. If the user wants to. You can click on the speaker icon in every response so the user can hear it. That's it)

11. node and links of notes and topics (What we essentially mean by notes and links of notes and topics is like we will have a separate page for canvas which is called our infinite canvas where we will link notes, where we will link topics, where we will link videos and then we'll ask the AI to like let's say II linked plant. I linked photosynthesis and I linked the video which explains photosynthesis and then I asked AI to teach me and summarize all of this Correcting all these three things. Connecting all these three things and it will summarize it and it will explain the user better way and also will have we will try to have. Something like Obsidian a notes where each road is linked to each notes. Each note is linked to some other note if the user wants to so will have a like a node view. Nodal link 3 graph is something it is called so like that. So yeah we will try to have that and infinite canvas obviously which is a canvas in itself)

12.[tutor
study buddy
quuestioner 
spoon feeding
practicle learning] : (So what we mean by tutor study, buddy, questioner, spoon feeding and practical learning is these are the different methods or ways that the AI can teach us. As in the very like previously I have mentioned that whenever in the chat box the prompt will be written or any document will be uploaded, it will be pre read it and it will be read it and then something will be suggested. So these could be the things that will be suggested So it it can be a tutor, it can spoon feed, it can question practical learning, it can give project based projects and everything so all of that. So this is all about that whatever the methods, what are the methods that the user wants to learn so the user can learn all of it. Hey, Cortana.)

13.PBL : (What do you mean by PBL is a project based learning, so our university has moved Changed it curriculum to project based learning where we mostly and highly learn through doing things rather than remembering and writing things. So we do things, we practically do things and we apply them into any project and we do we basically do projects. So every like if Let's say I'm learning DSA which is data structures and algorithms, and let's say I learned about. Sorting algorithm OK and I learned about merge sort. So I learned about it and I got all the references, all the videos, all the links. I got the code, I run the code, everything is working. But now I want to practically use it. I don't know where to where and how to use it. So now there will be a section, there will be a button or there will be a feature Where you click on PBL, the button itself is called People which is project based learning and with context to whatever the chat has happened with the user and the AI about this topic which is it will Give and generate a 3 like will see how many 3 or more like probably three project Based learning ideas. So it will give three projects project 12 and 3 and three ideas different ideas Which the user can choose to learn. So when I when if let's say the user clicks on project 1 which is a project based on merge chart, applying it somewhere in the real world, in the real application where the user has to code something and do like actually practically learn it. So then a new page when I click on the PBL 1 project based learning project one, in the new page I'll go and I'll learn about it, I'll read it if I know I'll code it. If I don't know I'll ask the AI in that specific page And I learned it basically and I'll code it and also with the advantage with this project based learning and this projects, whatever we'll do inside our website can be bookmarked and can be starred so that people can know OK. She has done these many projects and he has actually learned it so people can view his profile or something like that)


14.community & socials (So what we mean by community and social is first of all we are very like skeptical about should we make this a social platform, social platform kind of thing where at least the least is where students can see each others progress or student can see other students progress and also the teachers could look up to different students progress and everything achievements on all of that. So this is the one thing we are skeptical about Because we are not sure how to integrate this but I wanted to include this and I wanted to give a report detailed research and report on this how to integrate like just sending friend requests and Seeing each other's profile, that's it. No talking, no messaging, no nothing. Just viewing profiles and sending requests and accepting requests and yeah, just being able to view others profiles and achievements and progress. So that should be, that was our community and social. We are not Trying to make this as a social platform but some very least like as I have described that features would be there should be there which would be great and help students to actually like Be in the competition and learn and inspire from each other and learn from each other and grow as As the as they continue their journey right and there will be a leaderboard so the community will be so this is the social thing but the there will be a community for this which is evolve community where all students can type messages. So this messages are not between the students But it will. It's rather universal The the admin will have access to it. The admin is the people who are making this and so the messages by every students will come into one window where the admin can sit and reply and yeah people can reply each others comment that can also happen. So this is community where this where they where they'll give feedback about how they like this platform more about the platform more and Then about their achievements then what do they like? What do they don't like or just to connect a Farsi or like that. So this common social features and community features will be having)

15.TEACHERS INTERACTING WITH WEBSITE : (Teachers interacting with website. Essentially what we mean is the teachers are for specific subjects shall be able to control their subject. So if they want to upload a new material, if they want to give any project by themselves. So one as I have described previously one feature we have is we can generate projects but if the teachers themselves want to give projects to students they can give and it would be shown in the main dashboard of whatever subject it has been put into So teachers can give projects, teacher can give materials, teachers can send updates or some like very normal messages. Not messages. It is like updates or which which which they want to tell to all of the students. So it is something like updates or news or something like that where the teachers can share all the updates and like a message kind of thing but for every all the students using it. So that that is that is what we mean by teachers interacting with the website. They should be able to upload, they should be able to Update and give projects and announcements. Yeah, give announcements)


Tech Stack : {
next js
nodejs
supabase
python
} : (So this is the text tags that this is the text tag that we have decided to use. That is next JS node, JS super base Python So what we thought is we we don't have actually that much of knowledge or like we have some knowledge but we don't have that much practice or seniority or experience level in programming. What we will do is vibe code 99% of the things , So we'll do this and So we we wanted a very robust and very working very fast Framework or tech stack to use. So this is this is what we have thought but I wanted to put in all the research and analysis and everything to give us the best text tag that that we use. We were thinking we will use Python in the back end so that the AI responses are fast because we are not sure but we are in the next JS project product project we have to use node JS. Hello. Couple of other things like this so authentication and authorization All of these things and I wanted to give a very deep thought into what is the text tag we'll use? What are the services we'll use like shared, shadcn UI, TypeScript, tailwind, CSS and Reactivereactbits.dev and others services where we can take elements, take color palettes, take the whole UI, UX and everything. So and also I want you to give me a detailed breakdown of how someone how A team makes a project of a project like see what I thought is when I made one of the website. So what happened is let's say there is 1 page which is called home page In that home page itself, without any other files, the home page is one file and in that file itself there is 1000 lines or 2000 lines of codes including every from everything from the hero section to the top navigation part, to the interactions to the styles to everything. So it was it was very cluttered up. What I found is that is not how companies work or that is not how a team works, rather how it works is You create components, so let's say there is home page file. In that home page you layout the basic structure. But then you make different files for different components that are used in all of the in the home page and you keep them in a group right? So that is how you should work. So this is what I think. I don't know how it really works. I so I wanted to give a put a thought in this and do a research on this and give me full breakdown of how things should be done And I want technical answer for this such that any technical guy would understand this and please explain it in very minded details with each and everything specifically written and described and very well)